feat: [CDS-93909]: Add docs for GitOps Agent mTLS (#6365)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/gitops/get-started/harness-cd-git-ops-quickstart.md

Now that you have the Harness GitOps Agent installed, running, and registered, you can configure the remaining components.

## Installing mTLS GitOps Agent

> For installing GitOps Agent to run in mTLS mode we will use GitOps agent helm charts, so we need to download `overrides.ymal` file from the Harness UI.

Reviewer: could you also add that this is behind Feature Flag?

> For installing GitOps Agent to run in mTLS mode we will use GitOps agent helm charts, so we need to download `overrides.ymal` file from the Harness UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For installing GitOps Agent to run in mTLS mode, Harness uses GitOps Agent Helm charts. For this, you must download the `overrides.yaml` file from the Harness UI.
```

> If you want to install a Harness GitOps Agent with mTLS enabled, first follow steps for configuring mTLS for Harness Delegate as described in [Delegate mTLS support](/docs/platform/Delegates/secure-delegates/delegate-mtls-support).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install Harness GitOps Agent with mTLS enabled, first follow steps for configuring mTLS for Harness Delegate as described in [Delegate mTLS support](/docs/platform/Delegates/secure-delegates/delegate-mtls-support).
```

> After following steps in [Delegate mTLS support](/docs/platform/Delegates/secure-delegates/delegate-mtls-support) you should have the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After following steps in [Delegate mTLS support](/docs/platform/Delegates/secure-delegates/delegate-mtls-support), make sure that you have met the following requirements:
```

 - CA certificate. 
 - Client certificate and key created using the previously created CA certificate.
 - mTLS enabled for your account and host to be used for GitOps Agent connection <YOUR_FQDN>.agent.harness.io

> When above requirements are met you can proceed with installation.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Now that you have the Harness GitOps Agent installed, running, and registered, you can configure the remaining components.

## Installing mTLS GitOps Agent

For installing GitOps Agent to run in mTLS mode, Harness uses GitOps Agent Helm charts. For this, you must download the `overrides.yaml` file from the Harness UI.

To install Harness GitOps Agent with mTLS enabled, make sure that you've met the following conditions:
- Download the `overrides.yaml` file from the Harness UI.

> - Configure mTLS for Harness Delegate[Delegate mTLS support](/docs/platform/Delegates/secure-delegates/delegate-mtls-support)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Configure mTLS for Harness Delegate[Delegate mTLS support](/docs/platform/delegates/secure-delegates/delegate-mtls-support/)
```
